And then from there we are going
to do our completions,
which is very similar to the same
completions we have always done.
There is really nothing like new here
other than the fact that we have this
thing called functions.
So, let's talk about that.
So, const, what did I call it?
Yeah, getCompletion.
getCompletion, And
this is gonna take in that message
that we'll use eventually,
and then, what am I returning here?
I was returning a response.
I'll just say return openai.
I'm sorry,
openai.chat.completion.create like that.
We do have to pick a specific model here.
Not all models are equipped
with function calling.
I think the one that I
picked here was turbo-0613.
If you go look up.
There are docs on function calling,
it says 4-0613 and 3.5,
0613 have function calling capabilities
at the time of writing of this blog post.
I think there's way more
now that have that, but
I'm just gonna pick one of these.
So I'll pick 3.5, 0631, I think everybody
should have access to that one.
Four, you might have to be on
a premium plan, I'm not sure.
So I'll pick that one, 3.5, 0613.
>> Isn't that just one they introduced it?
Shouldn't the newer
model still have it too?
>> They did, yeah,
they introduced these models for
the specifics of function calling,
yeah, 100%.
Messages, there's just going to
be messages, nothing crazy there,
and then functions.
So this is where it's something new.
So there's functions and
then there's function call.
We'll talk about the two.
For now, we're gonna do functions.
Functions is just going to be
an array of objects that represent
a schema in which there is
a function that GPT can call.
This is just you describing
the capabilities of a function.
So in this case, I'm teaching GPT like,
Hey, there's a function called calculate.
Here's when you know you need to run it.
You need to run this function if you
need to execute a math expression.
Right, so let's do that.
So I'll say name,
I'm gonna call it calculate.
I'm calling it calculate because
it matches with this right here.
It'll be a lot easier to
check that string and
this object because they're the same
name but you can call whatever you want.
It's easier to match that way.
Alright, we got name, we got description.
Description is important.
These are like this is
you're gonna get this.
This is the prompt that tells GPT if
it needs to run this function, so
like describe what this function is for.
So when GPT looks in its
bag of functions like,
I need to do something You can like yeah
this one runs expressions I need to run
an expression they asked me an expression
I need to run that function.
So I'm gonna say run math,
expressions, right?
Parameters are you
describing how you want GPT.
Because when you've got to respond back
like here's the function I wanna run and
here are the arguments you need to run it,
so
I have to describe what those arguments
look like well my function takes an object
with an expression that
should be a string.
So that's what I'm gonna describe, so
I'm gonna say parameters is a type
object and I can say properties,
Right, and then for
this one is just expression like this.
And then from there, that's an object
with a type and a description.
This is also important too.
So type is string for
obvious reasons, that's important.
Description, this is you get
to get this is the prompt for
this property, this is to tell GPT.
How do you come up with this value?
I think it could probably figure out
because I running a math expression.
This is called expression.
So, and this is a string so I probably
want you to give me an expression here,
but you kind of wanna steer it right so
here I put.
The math expression to evaluate,
like, and here's an example, right?
So, like, I copied that, so
I could, like, there you go.
The math expression to evaluate, like,
2 * 3 + 21 / 2 to the second power.
I'm giving an example.
I'm trying to, like, this is when you
would call this, and this is what.
If you're going to call calculate, and
you're gonna pass me the expression
property on this object, your expression
better looks something like this.
This is what I expect it to look like.
So I'm like guiding it right?
Cool.
So we got that.
The next thing I wanna do is here
you can say, where is it at?
I think it's here, required?
No, yeah, it is required.
Yeah, it's in a parameter.
Inside the parameters, I can say.
Required like this, and I can say
the properties that are required.
So in this case you when
you call this function,
you have to pass the expression parameter.
There's no alternative you have to never
call this function without this property.
Otherwise, I cannot run this function.
It's not it's not optional, right?
So that's what required is, and then
of course we wanna put the temperature
on zero because we need this
thing to do serious work.
So put temperature on zero.
And you can add as many
functions as you want.
There's also another one called function
call and this is a way to force GPT,
no matter what prompt they get,
to call this function by name.
So in this case, if I were to put this,
it doesn't matter if the problem was like
high, it has to call calculate and fit and
then calculate has to have an expression.
So I don't know what it will put and
a temperate zone zero.
So I really don't know what it would put,
we could try that out.
But this is like forcing it.
And this is actually a good hack to get
structured output from GPT is actually
the best way to get structured output.
So I use that to like,
because if you think about it,
this forces GPT to always respond back
with structured output, and nothing else.
So if you just need to get like
some structured output from GPT,
you can do this hack, and then you just
never send back the results to GPT
because you got back the structure
output that you want it.
It's great for that.
But that's,
that's like a some advanced hack.
So cool.
And then from there,
we just need to set up a loop.
So we'll just say, you know, let response.
And it will say, well, true.
Don't blame me if your computer dies.
I'm not responsible.
And then we can say response,
equals await, getCompletion like this,
with the messages, cool.
What you talking about?
Why is that?
>> The equal sign?
>> Yeah, I'm like, whoa, there we go.
I'm tripping out okay, there we go.
And then from here what we need to
do is we can look at this property
called finish reason.
I talked about this earlier.
GPT is done when it's finished reason to
stop just because it responded back on I
mean, it's done.
It might be in the middle
of a function call.
of still generating but
it stopped halfway through
because I ran out of tokens.
It's only done when it says
my finish reason to stop.
So that's when we'll break the loop.
Right so we can do that.
You can say, okay, cool if
response.choices0.finish_reason = stop,
then we know we're done, right?
And then from here,
they answered the question at this point.
So let's log it.
So log
response.choices[0].message.content.
Let's log that you.
And then we'll, we'll break this loop.
We're done.
That's our break case, okay?
Otherwise, if they respond back
with a finished reason of, hey,
I'm doing a function call, okay,
now we need to call that function.
So let's do that.
So elsif response.choices
[0].message.function call, right?
Or finish reason, I'm sorry, equals, or
I guess it's not message,
it's just finish reason.
Function underscore call, like that.
Okay, come here.
Thank you.
So, if the fittest reason
is function call, as in,
GPT is like, I need to actually make
a name, I need to make a function call.
Based off the prompt that you gave me,
I need you to call a function for me.
So what we need to do is just
get the name of that function,
get the arguments of that function, go see
if we have a function with the same name.
If so, parse those arguments,
call the function with those arguments,
get the results of those functions,
and then pass it back up to GPT.
I'll be passing that up just by
pushing to this message array,
which then loops again, and
then it comes back up here,
and it calls the completion again with new
messages, and then it'll run again, right?
So let's do that.
So let's get the function name,
and let's get the arguments.
So function name = response.choices.
I should have saved this in a variable,
honestly.
I'm kinda regretting it now,
but I'm gonna stick
to the script message.function-call.name,
right, so that's the name there.
And then the args are gonna be pretty
much that, which the arguments.
So we got that.
And then we find the one
that matches our function.
So.
FuncToCall = functions(fName)
And then, arguments = JSON.parse,
I guess I can't use arguments,
params, I guess.
So we got to parse that because
it's gonna be a JSON string.
And then let's actually call the function.
So FuncToCall what the params boom.
And from there like I said,
we got to add to the history,
the results that the AI
responded back with.
Remember the AI responded back with
a function call whose name is this whose
argument is this?
And then our answer to that function call,
which is also real function and
the name of that function, but
then the string of fire result.
So let's do that.
So we'll say messages.push, role,
assistant, content should be null, and
then function underscore call, right?
And then the name is function name and
then arguments are args.
All right, so we added that.
And then now our response,
messages.push, role: 'user',
name I'm sorry, role function.
Yeah, sorry.
I'm like, no, that doesn't make sense.
Role function name is Fname, and
then the content is gonna be
a stringified version of the results.
So JSON.stringify result.
Give me some results.
Notice this result, never.
Okay and
again this is gonna run on a loop right?
So we push to this message
that comes back up here.
It runs it again with
a new messages in it, and
it should hit stop the second time and
respond back with an answer.
So let's see how this works.
So first things first,
we can say node functions and
then I'll say what is 10 *
100 / 12 + 29 / 67 * 2.
>> It's in quotes.
>> I need quotes, I'm like,
whoa, that should have worked.
There we go.
Let's run that and math out of that.
I must have imported that wrong.
>> I think it's evaluates misspelled.
>> Yeah, evalutate.
>> You don't know how to evaluate [LAUGH]
>> I think you need to
return the message in your get completion
function as well for the response.
>> This?
You are right there.
>> Yeah evaluate.
That's That's right.
Look at a word so many times,
it is like doesn't look right.
Okay, look, it looks like it ran.
And we can test this out, right?
Let's just log in here just to make sure.
Hello, Yeah it ran that function, hello.
You can see the result of it is this.
So now if I ask you something
unrelated to this it should
not run that function
because it didn't need to.
Spooky, yeah, it didn't run that function.
It didn't need to, because I didn't
ask it to like calculate something.
So I didn't feel the need
to run that function.
Succeed is pretty powerful.
Or like, I don't know if people like
understand like the crazy stuff you could
do with it like you can't do anything.
And this function this is
an API call somewhere.
This is a database call somewhere.
I don't know, this is an insane thing.